c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\Paint.exe.config
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\Paint.exe
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\Paint.pdb
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Controls.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.DebuggerVisualizers (2010).dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Fuzzy.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Genetic.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Imaging.IPPrototyper.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.MachineLearning.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Neuro.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.Lego.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.TeRK.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Video.Kinect.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Video.VFW.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Video.Ximea.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Vision.dll
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\IPPrototyper.exe
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Controls.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Fuzzy.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Genetic.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.MachineLearning.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Neuro.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.Lego.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Robotics.TeRK.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Video.Kinect.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Video.VFW.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Video.Ximea.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\bin\Release\AForge.Vision.xml
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\obj\Release\Paint.Form1.resources
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\obj\Release\Paint.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\obj\Release\Paint.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\obj\Release\Paint.exe
c:\users\kriscool\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Paint\Paint\obj\Release\Paint.pdb
